more than a hundred years ago in a
mountain village in Switzerland lived a
man whose strange experiments with the
dead have since become a legend a legend
that is still told with horror the world
over
we've only just started just open the
door
now's the time to go through that door
and find what lies beyond it but don't
you see Paul we've discovered the source
of life itself and we've used it to
restore a creature that was dead this is
Frankenstein who revolted against nature
who experimented with the devil and was
forever cursed his unwilling
collaborator was Paul crimped but I can
stop to using his brain why he has no
further use for it only two women ever
entered this house of evil Elizabeth the
lovely cousin who had promised to marry
him and Justine the maid who kept
passionate and secret rendezvous with
her master won't you understand you're
in real danger what Victor is doing is
dangerous to everyone in the house
possibly conceive what dreadful things
planted what are you trying to tell me
about the Victor's wicked insane wicked
insane evil call Frankenstein what you
will
a demon had made a man-made monster and
now the monster was the must for your
sake and to protect Elizabeth has so far
kept silent
but now I should go to the authorities
and have them destroy that creature and
see that you pay for these atrocities
[Music]